Create README.md for `runners` (#291)
populationgenomics/sv-workflows: str/runners/README.md

# Runner Scripts for STR Genotyping

This directory contains **runner scripts for executing GangSTR, HipSTR, ExpansionHunter, and REViewer** on large-scale cohorts using [Hail Batch](https://hail.is/docs/batch/) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP).

These scripts are designed for scalability and reproducibility in distributed environments, enabling efficient processing of thousands of whole-genome samples.

---

## Contents

| Script                                   | Description                                                       |
|------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `str_iterative_eh_runner.py`             | Run [ExpansionHunter](https://github.com/Illumina/ExpansionHunter) iteratively across a catalog of STR loci, supporting catalog sharding for large-scale genotyping. |

> | `str_iterative_gangstr_runner.py`                  | Run [GangSTR](https://github.com/gymrek-lab/GangSTR) on a set of samples with pre-defined STR regions. |

Reviewer: Fixing hyperlink
```suggestion
| `str_iterative_gangstr_runner.py`                  | Run [GangSTR](https://github.com/gymreklab/GangSTR) on a set of samples with pre-defined STR regions. |
```
